# `jag::game::Console`

- When a command is registered, a call to `jag::game::ServerConnection::SendClientMessage` is made.
    - Suggests the server is made aware of all commands present for a given session.
    - Meaning it'd be a bad idea to register our own commands without first intercepting this call.
    - Not worth.
- There are two functions responsible for command registration.
    - `jag::RegisterCommandsGame`
    - `jag::RegisterCommandsLogin`
        - Jmods have commands to directly login to worlds with given credentials (sso, otl etc).
        - Only available on login screen, according to debug messages.
- `jag::game::Console` like most things, has a `state` value and is controlled via `jag::game::Console::ChangeMainState`.
- Some commands are registerred via in-binary strings, others seem to be able to be loaded from either cache or a response from the server. Likely a response from the server based on account privileges.
- `*(client + 0x198D8)` - Some client child that contains various settings that get flipped via console commands.
    - `0x168` | Okta One-Time-Link enabled/disabled
    - `0x18C` | Auto World Select enabled/disabled

# `jag::ChatHistory`

- Client child
- `*(client + 0x19848)` (939-1)
    - `48 8B B8 ? ? ? ? 48 8D 4D` - Should lead to a few places where you can find current position of `jag::ChatHistory` on `jag::Client` structure.
- Container holding chat messages has a capacity of `0xC0` (192 decimal).
- Container starts @ `0x8D0`
    - Array of pointers to chat messages.
    - Message strings stored as `eastl::string` @ `0x90`.
    - If string size >= 0x17(23 decimal) then `0x90` will be a pointer to a `char*`.
        - And `0x98` will be the size of the string being pointed to.

# UI Components
- These are annoying as fuck
- `0x30, 0x31, 0x32, 0x33, 0x34, 0x35, 0x36` all seem to be individual byte flags.
- I *think* UI components are `0x290` in size, given:
```c
do {
    (sub_331E80)(v46, v8, a3, a4, v61, a6, a7, a8);
    v46 += 0x290LL;
} while ( v46 != v45 );
```

cba to type it all up but have found most of the relevant functions.

Structures are fucking huge. There's two linked lists. I'm tired. It's all in the idb.


### Aside
- `*(client + 0x19948)` = `jag::TcpConnectionBase`
- `*(client + 0x18D48)` might be the window class?


### `jag::Client` members that I want to know more about 
- `0x19960`
- `0x19990`
- `0x18D48`